MIT License

This repository and the files it contains are offered for use under
the terms of the MIT License:

Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Massachusetts Institute of Technology

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Use of MIT Name

"MIT", "Massachusetts Institute of Technology", and its logos and seal
are trademarks of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Except
for purposes of attribution as required by our MIT License, you may
not use MIT's names or logos, or any variations thereof, without prior
written consent of MIT. You may not use the MIT name in any of its
forms nor MIT seals or logos for promotional purposes, or in any way
that deliberately or inadvertently claims, suggests, or in MIT's sole
judgment gives the appearance or impression of a relationship with or
endorsement by MIT.